COMP 3005 PROJECT NOTES

SESSION 1 NOVEMBER 24

CONFIGURE WORKSPACE
 - VSCODE
 - LIVESHARE
 - GITHUB?

Requirement Notes:

    User can search by:
        Book name, Author name, ISBN, Genre (etc)
        
    Data includes above and Publisher, number of pages, price, etc

    User must be registered to book store to check out

    WHen they order they put in an address, this can be different from the one they userd to setup account

    Tracking service!?
    All books shipped from one warehouse.

    Owner can add and remove books.

    ONLY OWNER CAN ACCESS SPECIAL PAGE!
        This is where they can add remove books.
        How do we authenticate?
    
    Application can automatically order books if the quantity of books is below a specified threshold.
        (SEND EMAIL, console.log())
    
    Bonus features?
        - Pattern matching booknames
        - Google maps link?
        - adding a favicon
    
    GOALS
    - Configure GIT REPO
    - COMPLETE SQL DATABASE (DEAD DATE: DECEMBER 1ST)
        - How do we do this?
            - Come up with relational model
            - Design Normalizations (agree on dependencies etc) (!!!)
            - Draw the ER Diagram
            - Reduce to Relations
            - Code the SQL Database
    - COMPLETE SIMPLE VIEWING OF BOOKS (DEAD DATE: DECEMBER 8TH)
        - What does this mean?
            - It works in browser
            - You can search by book name, author name, ISBN, genre
            - You can query to the database
            - Queries are generated by user clicks (we don't need to define them)
            - (No need for login at this stage)
    - COMPLETE 'FULL' FEATURES (DEAD DATE: DECEMBER 15TH)
        - User can order
        - User can checkout
        - User can add to cart
        - User can track
        - Differences between Owner and User
        - Owner can add
        - Owner can do special owner things
    - COMPLETE ADDITIONAL FEATURES:
        -???????

Deadline?
- DEC 1 (wednesday) database done
- DEC 8, (wednesday) Simple Query features


NOTES 11/28/2021

FRONTEND:
- Use BILLING INFO and SHIPPING INFO from 'user' relation to autofill checkout!
- cart should be entirely done on front-end, just make a list of the stuff (more on this later)
- using heroku to store db, and node-postgres and pg to access the db

ASK TA ABOUT:
- Is book_order redundant? (double diamond)
- If the user inputs a different billing/shipping address, do we need to save that new address IN USER?

NOTES 12/01/2021
ADD pubCut to diagram
ADD Primary Keys to diagram

